feature-cmake-docs: move cli1 refs to cli1 build system (#1432)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/mbed_cli_1/build-system/porting.md

# Porting

## Postbuild scripts

> Mbed OS includes tools for building itself in the `tools` directory. These build tools include target-specific postbuild scripts. When adding a target, you may need to add a postbuild script. Use a postbuild script to modify a linked application binary in ways that the linker cannot, such as inserting a checksum at a specific offset. Postbuild scripts are rarely exportable, and you should use them only when you have exhausted all other options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed OS includes scripts to allow projects to be configured and built. These scripts include Mbed board specific post-build scripts. You may add a script if an Mbed board requires some additional operations to be performed on its artefacts after building. Said operations may modify the artefacts in ways that the toolchain is unable to such as inserting a checksum at a specific offset. Post-build scripts should only be used if the operation cannot be performed with the toolchain by adding additional flags.
```

> The tools include postbuild scripts for tasks that modify an application binary after it is linked. These tasks are written in Python as static methods of a class within the `tools.targets` module. The tasks are specified as `Class.method` in `targets.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The post-build scripts are written in Python and are located in `tools/targets`. Each script defines a class containing the various operations it can perform as methods. A particular post-build operation can be associated with an Mbed board in `targets/targets.json` by adding the `post_binary_hook` attribute with a value specified as `<CLASS>.<METHOD>`.
```

The tools call the static method with 4 parameters:

 1) Toolchain object. You may use this object for logging.
 2) Resources object used for this build. This contains all of the C, C++ and ASM sources.
 3) Path to the `.elf` file the linker generates.
 4) Path to the binary file generated after link, or the `.elf` file if the code did not generate a binary.

## Implementation

> To add a postbuild script, add a class with a single method into the `tools/targets/__init__.py` python file, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a post-build script, add a class with methods defining the operation in `tools/targets/__init__.py` such as:
```

>  1) Toolchain object. You may use this object for logging.
>  2) Resources object used for this build. This contains all of the C, C++ and ASM sources.
>  3) Path to the `.elf` file the linker generates.
>  4) Path to the binary file generated after link, or the `.elf` file if the code did not generate a binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Toolchain object. You may use this object for logging.
* Resources object used for this build. This contains all of the C, C++ and ASM sources.
* Path to the `.elf` file the linker generates.
* Path to the binary file generated after link, or the `.elf` file if the code did not generate a binary.
```

Author: fixed

```python
class LPCTargetCode(object):
    """General LPC Target patching"""
    @staticmethod
    def lpc_patch(t_self, resources, elf, binf):
        """Patch an elf file"""
        t_self.debug("LPC Patch: %s" % os.path.split(binf)[1])
        from .LPC import patch
        patch(binf)
```

> A target that needs this postbuild script run must contain this snippet in `targets/targets.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Associate the post build operation to an Mbed board in `targets/targets.json` as follows:
```

```JSON
"post_binary_hook": {"function": "LPCTargetCode.lpc_patch"}
```

> When implementing a postbuild script, please be aware of the following considerations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware of the following considerations:
```

Also I do not understand the point of this section at all. Why are they important?

> - You may use a `.` in a project name.

Reviewer: What does this mean and why is it important?

Author: I only move this. Dont recall why `.` makes sense in the project name.

Reviewer: Seems random as is but Ok since you just moved the file but do not know.
